Please consider the following transcript as context describing a new project: 

{message}

From the project context, identify the following elements:
* Project title.
* The main objectives, ranging from 1 to a maximum of 3. Please use the SMART framework to write the objetives: each should be specific, measurable, achievable, relevant and time bound.
* Identify the project background. This should summarize briefly why the project is necessary and how it will benefit the organization or users.
* The project timeline, this should include the expected beginning and end dates. If those dates are not found in the context, please identify an estimated lenght in weeks or months. If you consider that you didn't found the project timeline in the context, assume it was "not found".
* Project stakeholders, describing briefly how each is one is affected or should be involved in the project. If you consider that you didn't found enough information in the context to identify project stakeholders, assume it was "not found".
* Risks and assumptions of the project. Describe each briefly, list a maximum of 5 risks and assumptions. If you consider that you didn't found enough information in the context to identify project stakeholders, assume it was "not found".

Now, consider all the items you have analized and write down in markdown using the following order of headers: project title, main objectives, project background, project timeline, project stakeholders, and project risks and assumptions.




--


Este proyecto se trata de trabajar con una universidad y los alumnos de esa universidad para hacer de manera colaborativa, utilizando la metodología design thinking, un rediseño de las sillas donde ellos se sientan durante sus clases. En la primera etapa del proyecto, que va a durar aproximadamte un mes, vamos a hacer entrevistas a estudiantes, tres focus groups. En base a eso vamos a diseñar una convocatoria. El proceso de convocatoria para que distintos grupos de estudiantes se inscriban para poder participar en el diseño de la silla. Durante los meses siguientes vamos a seleccionar equipos de todas las personas que postularon, los vamos a capacitar en design thinking, vamos a estar acompañando al desarrollo de esos prototipos, y luego vamos a evaluar los diseños que ellos generen para identificar cuáles son los mejores y esos pilotearlos. Finalmente en el mes 6 del proyecto vamos a diseñar el plan de implementación del proyecto finalista.


---

Rediseño de Sillas Universitarias a través de Design Thinking
Main objectives
To conduct student interviews and form focus groups within one month to understand their needs and expectations from the university chairs
To create a call for entries within the first month where different groups of students can register to participate in the chair design
To select teams from the applicants in the following months, and train them in design thinking
To support the development of chair prototypes and evaluate the designs to identify the best ones for piloting
To design an implementation plan for the final project by the end of the 6th month
Background
This project is necessary as it aims to improve the seating experience for university students during their classes. It seeks to engage students in a collaborative manner by employing the design thinking methodology. The end goal is to create chair designs that are ergonomic, comfortable, and conducive to learning.

Timeline
The project is expected to start immediately with a duration of six months. The initial month is dedicated to gathering insights from students, followed by selection and training of teams in the following months, development and evaluation of prototypes, and finalizing with the design of an implementation plan.

Stakeholders
University: They will provide resources and support for the project, and benefit from improved student satisfaction and possibly better learning outcomes
Students: They will participate in the design process, providing their input, learning from the process, and ultimately being the users of the final product
Project team: They will conduct the interviews, guide the design process, and help implement the final design
Risks & Assumptions
risk: Low participation from students in the design process
risk: Delays in project timelines due to unforeseen issues
risk: Insufficient resources for prototyping
risk: The final design might not meet all students' expectations
assumption: There will be sufficient interest from students to participate in the project
assumption: The university will provide the necessary support and resources for the project
assumption: Design thinking methodology will lead to an effective solution
assumption: The new design will lead to an improved student experience


---

I have a project charter with revisions from a top project manager. The project charter has the following elements.
        
1. Project title.

2. Main objectives. Please use the SMART framework to write the objetives: each should be specific, measurable, achievable, relevant and time bound.

3. Project background. This should summarize briefly why the project is necessary and how it will benefit the organization or users.

4. Project timeline. This should include the expected beginning and end dates. If those dates are not found in the context, please identify an estimated lenght in weeks or months.

5. Project stakeholders. Describe briefly how each is one is affected or should be involved in the project.

6. Risks and assumptions. Describe each briefly, list a maximum of 5 risks and assumptions.

It is written in the following JSON format.

{{
    "title": {{"text":"project title","comments":"comments done by project manager regarding the title"}},
    "main_objectives": [
        {{
            "description":"description",
            "comments":"comments done by project manager regarding the first objective"
        }},
        {{
            "description":"description",
            "comments":"comments done by project manager regarding the second objective"
        }}],
    "background": {{"text":"project background","comments":"comments done by project manager regarding the background"}},
    "timeline": {{"text":"project timeline","comments":"comments done by project manager regarding the timeline"}},
    "stakeholders": [
        {{
            "name":"stakeholder 1 name",
            "role":"stakeholder 1 role",
            "comments":"comments done by the project manager regarding the first stakeholder"
        }},
        {{
            "name":"stakeholder 2 name",
            "role":"stakeholder 2 role",
            "comments":"comments done by the project manager regarding the second stakeholder"
        }}],
    "risks_and_assumptions": [
        {{
            "type":"risk 1",
            "description":"risk 1 description",
            "comments":"comments done by the project manager regarding the first risk"
        }},
        {{
            "type":"assumption 1",
            "description":"assumption 1 description",
            "comments":"comments done by the project manager regarding the second risk"
        }}
    ]
}}

I want you to rewrite the project charter applying the comments done by the project manager in each element. If there are no comments just leave the element as it is. Here is the revised project charter:

```




---


Este proyecto se trata de trabajar con una universidad y los alumnos de esa universidad para hacer de manera colaborativa, utilizando la metodología design thinking, un rediseño de las sillas donde ellos se sientan durante sus clases. En la primera etapa del proyecto, que va a durar aproximadamte un mes, vamos a hacer entrevistas a estudiantes, tres focus groups. En base a eso vamos a diseñar una convocatoria. El proceso de convocatoria para que distintos grupos de estudiantes se inscriban para poder participar en el diseño de la silla. Durante los meses siguientes vamos a seleccionar equipos de todas las personas que postularon, los vamos a capacitar en design thinking, vamos a estar acompañando al desarrollo de esos prototipos, y luego vamos a evaluar los diseños que ellos generen para identificar cuáles son los mejores y esos pilotearlos. Finalmente en el mes 6 del proyecto vamos a diseñar el plan de implementación del proyecto finalista.


---

Este proyecto se tata de implementar OKR's en una empresa de Freight Forwarding tradicional.

Este proyecto se tata de implementar OKR's en una empresa de Freight Forwarding tradicional. Lo que queremos es lograr más alineamiento en la empresa, que todos vayan para el mismo lado. 


---

Este proyecto se trata de expandir la capacidad de una oficina. Hay demasiada gente la oficina, ya no caben.

----

Chuta esto es muy complicado, yo necesitaba que Miguel entregara el informe el viernes y nunca llego… ni siquiera me aviso! Esto nos va a perjudicar con el cliente porque nos hace ver cómo irresponsables. Tengo que hablar con el para que esto no vuelva a pasar